## You and your friends are developing a new start-up called DRUBER, a drone-based ride share application that carries you to your destination. The original specification was to develop a web page that works in 1920x1080 however your company has realized that it is missing an entire market of smartphone users. Describe how you can modify your code to work in smartphone resolutions e.g. 750x1334 (iPhone 8). Please give specific examples where possible, but do not implement an entire DRUBER clone!


To solve this problem I would reconsider my CSS styling choices for the website. Instead of using fixed pixel values, I would switch to units that are measured based off relativaity such as vh and vw which are measured relative to the viewport. I could also use percentages or rem. By switching to relatively measured units, it will help my application apply all different sizes of windows and screens outside of a fullscreen desktop view or to a specific mobile size. It will be adaptable to minimized browser views and all different mobile screen sizes. I can also use media queries to specifically change the styling when the screen hits a certain pixel range. In my coded example, I have the navbar change to a hamburger menu once the screen width is less than or equal to 750px. The benefit of media queries is I can have a more altered and unique look for mobile devices than desktop. This is helpful because many UI/UX principles will change when it comes to a smaller/bigger screen and maneuvering by touchscreen rather than mouse.
